jamboard link: https://jamboard.google.com/d/1a4gVvpynNxT4Vkgjwm3UNeYPxIf54eHteUbQ1WCBzwk/edit?usp=sharing


Haybale Feast

This is one of the simpler problems in the set. We first observe that, given a fixed right endpoint, 
we should pick the rightmost other endpoint which satisfies the flavor property. This inspires a 
two-pointer approach. Additionally, we need to use an auxiliary data structure, for example, a TreeSet or 
MultiSet, to store the maximum spiciness in the given interval.


Liars and Truth Tellers

Although there is a DSU approach to this problem, a simpler approach uses binary search alongside flood 
fill. Essentially, we create an adjacency list for all the given edges. Then, we fix a value of A (the 
number of statements to use) and flood fill using the edges which appear before A and checking if there is
any inconsistency. Binary searching over A, we can find our solution.


Cow Digit Game

For this problem, we use a dynamic programming approach that stores whether or not Bessie can win given a
certain value of N. The base case is dp[0] = false, since by definition, the player who has to play when 
N = 0 loses. The recursive case is dp[i] = !dp[i-(top digit)] || !dp[i-(bottom digit)] since Bessie is 
trying to either pick the bottom digit or top digit to put Farmer John into a losing state. 


Painting The Barn

This problem is very involved compared to the others. First, it's easier to think of this problem in the 
one-dimensional case where we draw intervals on a line. We notice here that if we transform the regions 
into +1 if it has K-1 layers of paint, -1 if it has K layers of paint, and 0 otherwise, the objective of 
adding another interval becomes congruent to a maximal subarray problem. Running this maximal subarray 
from the left and right side of the array allows you to compute the answer for adding two disjoint 
intervals. To expand this idea to two dimensions, we use the idea of a 2D-prefix sum, fixing the 
x-coordinate of a rectangle and using a linear scan with the maximal subarray idea to reduce the time 
complexity of scanning the y-coordinates.